# Design Document

## October 14th, 2019

- The idea of the project is to create a web-app that, in its simplest form, users can save notes. To do this, we will need a way for the user to create an account, log into their account, add notes, and delete notes. Once we have this done, we will expand on it to add more functionality for the user. In the near future, we want to add support for pinning notes, editing notes, and archiving notes. We have to work on the basics first. <br/>
- We will create a homepage where there will be a log-in and create an account using the Google sign-in provision on Firebase. Of course if the user is already logged in, there will be a logout button available for them to press. When a user creates a new account using a new username and a new password, the Firebase database gets updated with a new username and password. This will allow for easy login for the user. In addition to that, to make sure we keep the web-app secure, when the user wants to log in, we will use the OAuth library in Firebase to validate whether the user’s input matches an existing account or not. This will also work to make sure that the user is not a bot. This is crucial because we could end up using valuable database space for something that is not a user. <br/>
- When the user wants to logout, we will be redirecting them to the home page. This is crucial to making sure the web-app is super easy for the user to use. We want to prioritize user interface in the entire app, because it is a notes app. Notes are used to make things easier on people and by making our UI easy, we can contribute to that. We believe this is crucial to getting users for the web-app. <br/>
